Interview 1
Q: What usually stops you from approaching or talking to new people?
A: Usually overthinking because I worry about whether it will be awkward or maybe if they’re not interested in talking to me. So sometimes I just don’t go for it.

Q: What has helped you the most in building a network of friends so far?
A: Maybe being in the same class and having shared assignments help a lot because it gives you a reason to talk to them and discuss about those assignments.

Q: What makes it hard to approach other students?
A: I think it’s hard for me to approach them when I don’t know anything about them. So there’s no clear topic that I should open to talk to them.

Q: What will make it easier for you to build friendships or find community at uni?
A: Maybe group activities, or maybe an app that could show you people that share the same interests with you.

Q: What is lacking from finding friends via clubs or university events?
A: Sometimes clubs or university events feel quite overwhelming because it has a lot of people and it’s quite a big circle. So sometimes I don’t think that I could get the chance to actually connect with people properly.

Q: Would you prefer connecting one on one or in groups and why?
A: I prefer one on one because I think it’s going to feel less intimidating, and it’s easier to talk to a person when it’s just one on one.

Q: What kind of information would you want to know about someone before deciding to connect?
A: Maybe what are their interests or what are their hobbies, because if we have those same hobbies, I could talk to them and make it easier for me to be friends with them.

Q: Have you used any apps, group chats, or platforms to connect with people?
A: Yeah, I think I usually use my group chats.

Q: From what app?
A: From LINE.

Q: What did you dislike about that?
A: Sometimes it’s hard for me to actually add people because we could only add people using their LINE IDs, where sometimes people could send the wrong LINE IDs and then I couldn’t find their actual account.

Q: If you could design an app to help you make friends, what features would you want it to have?
A: Maybe I could see what interests that they share with me or maybe what classes that they have in common with me.

Q: What would make you feel comfortable reaching out to someone new through an app?
A: Maybe if I knew that we had something in common.
